README.md, before:

# Cheatsheet
&lt;leader&gt; is ,

## Command mode

Shortcut/command | Description
--- | ---
Ctrl-J | Jump to next command
Ctrl-K | Jump to previous command
e ~+Ctrl+K | Jump to previous command that started with e ~
Ctrl-F | Edit command
:Goyo | Distraction free writing

## Normal mode

Shortcut/command | Description
--- | ---
&lt;leader&gt;be | show buffer explorer
&lt;leader&gt;y | yank to windows clipboard
&lt;leader&gt;p | paste from windows clipboard
&lt;leader&gt;v | paste from windows clipboard and fix indentation
&lt;leader&gt;bx | set filetype to xml and beautify
&lt;leader&gt;bj | set filetype to json and beautify
&lt;leader&gt;bh | set filetype to html and beautify
&lt;leader&gt;r | show/hide nerd tree
&lt;leader&gt;f | show current file in nerd tree
&lt;leader&gt;t | show/hide tagbar
&lt;leader&gt;em | elm make
&lt;leader&gt;ef | elm format
&lt;leader&gt;ed | elm docs
&lt;leader&gt;cs | convert slashes to backslashes
&lt;leader&gt;cl | convert backslashes to slashes
&lt;leader&gt;a | autoformat code
Ctrl-Up | increase font size
Ctrl-Down | descrease font size

### Movement
Shortcut/command | Description
--- | ---
&lt;leader&gt;o | new line below
&lt;leader&gt;O | new line above
&lt;leader&gt;m | next tab
&lt;leader&gt;n | previous tab
&lt;leader&gt;cp | previous error
&lt;leader&gt;cn | next error

Commit message:

spelling, superfast ctrlp that uses silver searcher (ag) for file list and respects .gitignore when indexing file list

README.md, after:

# Cheatsheet
&lt;leader&gt; is ,

## Command mode

Shortcut/command | Description
--- | ---
Ctrl-J | Jump to next command
Ctrl-K | Jump to previous command
e ~+Ctrl+K | Jump to previous command that started with e ~
Ctrl-F | Edit command
:Goyo | Distraction free writing
:setlocal spell spelllang=sk_sk | Set spell language to Slovak

## Normal mode

Shortcut/command | Description
--- | ---
]s/[s | find next / previous spelling error
z= | suggest correctly spelled words for the word under/after the cursor
&lt;leader&gt;be | show buffer explorer
&lt;leader&gt;y | yank to windows clipboard
&lt;leader&gt;p | paste from windows clipboard
&lt;leader&gt;v | paste from windows clipboard and fix indentation
&lt;leader&gt;bx | set filetype to xml and beautify
&lt;leader&gt;bj | set filetype to json and beautify
&lt;leader&gt;bh | set filetype to html and beautify
&lt;leader&gt;r | show/hide nerd tree
&lt;leader&gt;f | show current file in nerd tree
&lt;leader&gt;t | show/hide tagbar
&lt;leader&gt;em | elm make
&lt;leader&gt;ef | elm format
&lt;leader&gt;ed | elm docs
&lt;leader&gt;cs | convert slashes to backslashes
&lt;leader&gt;cl | convert backslashes to slashes
&lt;leader&gt;a | autoformat code
Ctrl-Up | increase font size
Ctrl-Down | descrease font size

### Movement
Shortcut/command | Description
--- | ---
&lt;leader&gt;o | new line below
&lt;leader&gt;O | new line above
&lt;leader&gt;m | next tab
&lt;leader&gt;n | previous tab
&lt;leader&gt;cp | previous error
&lt;leader&gt;cn | next error
